removing http, adding public data note (#155)
OSGConnect/connectbook: start/data/osgconnect-storage.md

needed for running jobs: 

    home: /home/<username>          (general storage from which ALL jobs should be submitted)

>     public: /public/<username>      (only for large job input and output using `stashcp`)

Reviewer: stashcp only for output

months may be deleted by OSG Connect staff with or without notifying the user.**

Files placed within a user's `/public` directory **are publicly accessible**, 

> discoverable and readable by anyone. Data is made public via http/https or `stash`, and mirrored 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
discoverable and readable by anyone. Data is made public via `stash` transfer mechanisms (which also make data public via http/https), and mirrored 
```
